# javascript-calculator


CSE 3901 - Web Apps
Members: Cameron Long, Matias Grotewold, Jonathan Miller, Kyle Perkins, Matthew Cramblett

Running: 
MUST BE USED IN FIREFOX
This is a simple arithmetic calculator. 
to run the project first go to the root directory of the project and input the command "bundle install", this will install required dependencies to run the project. Once the dependencies are installed input the command "middleman", which will generate the project, open the website generated by middleman to view the project.
User input can be given by either typing or clicking buttons. Buttons grayed out are disabled due to changing modes or calculation constraints. Only one expression will be evaluated at a time with one operator. After user input, click “=” or hit enter to evaluated he expression. If another operator precedes an expression the first expression will be evaluated before evaluating the second. Negative numbers are denoted by “-“ in front of the digit. In order to use trig and sqrt, you must have already inputted a number. 


Testing: Unit testing was not conducted since the vast majority of the functions (all except basic math operations) required interaction with the calculator. Therefore, the bulk of the testing was functional testing of various general situations and edge cases against the calculator interface. This portion of the test plan can be seen in greater detail in the testPlan.md file. The tests conducted were broken up into smaller categories for each of the general sections that were tested. Any bugs encountered were dealt with accordingly.

Overall Manager: Jonathan Miller
Jonathan implemented the history box. This is an interactive window above the main input screen. The history box stores mathematical expressions that were previously evaluated, and then the user can click on an expression in the history box to add it back to the input screen for usage again. Jonathan implemented everything needed for the history box, including the html, css, and javascript portions of it. He adjusted the structure of the html to include a div for the history box, wrote the css rules for the history box itself and for the elements inside of the history box, wrote the javascript functions to add different types of expressions to the history box and to add the different types of expressions back to the input screen when a user clicks on one, and he added the event listeners needed for the functionality of the history box. He also did some debugging.

Testing Manager: Matias Grotewold
Matias added event handlers for several operations as well as for all keystrokes. He also took care of the memory functionality, the trig functions (sin, cos, tan) and the modulus function. He also did a significant amount of debugging and testing, fixing several major and minor bugs and checking for any additional bugs that may have arisen during creating of the calculator. He continually tested portions of the calculator and pushed or took note of bugs when they were encountered. He also wrote the test plan to describe all tests that were conducted.

Implementation Manager: Matthew Cramblett
Matt started the project with creating the calculator body. This included designing the layout of the calculator's buttons, implementing the html for the project, and styling the buttons and aesthetic functionality with css. Matt also intermittently helped support the team with minor bug fixes, suggestions for their individual implementations, and general testing of the program's functions and usability.

Documentation Manager: Kyle Perkins
Kyle implemented the simple operator functions applied to addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. He heavily contributed to the evaluator function specifically, dealing with negative numbers. He also contributed to fixing minor bugs found in memory functions and recovering from "not a number" errors. As well as searching, testing, and fixing edge cases. 

N/A: Cameron Long
Cameron implemented the hexidecimal and binary modes, as well as the functions for switching between different modes. He also helped develop the evaluator function, as well as the button blocking and unblocking features of the calculator. Cameron also contributed heavily towards bug testing and general bug fixing, as well as the conceptual implementation of the projects functions.


